readme.md, before:

# gulp-mocha [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/gulp-mocha.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/gulp-mocha)

> Run [Mocha](https://github.com/mochajs/mocha) tests

*Keep in mind that this is just a thin wrapper around Mocha and your issue is most likely with Mocha.*

**[Maintainer needed](https://github.com/sindresorhus/gulp-mocha/issues/128)**

---

<p align="center"><b>🔥 Want to strengthen your core JavaScript skills and master ES6?</b><br>I would personally recommend this awesome <a href="https://ES6.io/friend/AWESOME">ES6 course</a> by Wes Bos. You might also like his <a href="https://ReactForBeginners.com/friend/AWESOME">React course</a>.</p>

---


## Install

```
$ npm install --save-dev gulp-mocha
```


## Usage

```js
const gulp = require('gulp');
const mocha = require('gulp-mocha');

gulp.task('default', () =>
	gulp.src('test.js', {read: false})
		// `gulp-mocha` needs filepaths so you can't have any plugins before it
		.pipe(mocha({reporter: 'nyan'}))
);
```


## API

### mocha([options])

#### options

Options are passed directly to the `mocha` binary, so you can use any its [command-line options](http://mochajs.org/#usage) in a camelCased form. Arrays are correctly converted to the comma separated list format Mocha expects. Listed below are some of the more commonly used options:


##### ui

Type: `string`<br>
Default: `bdd`<br>
Values: `bdd` `tdd` `qunit` `exports`

Interface to use.

##### reporter

Type: `string`<br>
Default: `spec`
Values: [Reporters](https://github.com/mochajs/mocha/tree/master/lib/reporters)

Reporter that will be used.

This option can also be used to utilize third-party reporters. For example, if you `npm install mocha-lcov-reporter` you can then do use `mocha-lcov-reporter` as value.

##### globals

Type: `Array`

List of accepted global variable names, example `['YUI']`. Accepts wildcards to match multiple global variables, e.g. `['gulp*']` or even `['*']`. See [Mocha globals option](http://mochajs.org/#globals-option).

##### timeout

Type: `number`<br>
Default: `2000`

Test-case timeout in milliseconds.

##### bail

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

Bail on the first test failure.

##### checkLeaks

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

Check for global variable leaks.

##### grep

Type: `string`

Only run tests matching the given pattern which is internally compiled to a RegExp.

##### require

Type: `Array`

Require custom modules before tests are run.

##### compilers

Type: `string`<br>
Example: `js:babel-core/register`

Specify a compiler.


## FAQ

### Test suite not exiting

If your test suite is not exiting it might be because you still have a lingering callback, most often caused by an open database connection. You should close this connection or do the following:

```js
gulp.task('default', () =>
	gulp.src('test.js')
		.pipe(mocha())
		.once('error', () => {
			process.exit(1);
		})
		.once('end', () => {
			process.exit();
		})
);
```


## License

MIT © [Sindre Sorhus](https://sindresorhus.com)

Commit message:

Update readme.md to give reporterOptions example

readme.md, after:

# gulp-mocha [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/gulp-mocha.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/gulp-mocha)

> Run [Mocha](https://github.com/mochajs/mocha) tests

*Keep in mind that this is just a thin wrapper around Mocha and your issue is most likely with Mocha.*

**[Maintainer needed](https://github.com/sindresorhus/gulp-mocha/issues/128)**

---

<p align="center"><b>🔥 Want to strengthen your core JavaScript skills and master ES6?</b><br>I would personally recommend this awesome <a href="https://ES6.io/friend/AWESOME">ES6 course</a> by Wes Bos. You might also like his <a href="https://ReactForBeginners.com/friend/AWESOME">React course</a>.</p>

---


## Install

```
$ npm install --save-dev gulp-mocha
```


## Usage

```js
const gulp = require('gulp');
const mocha = require('gulp-mocha');

gulp.task('default', () =>
	gulp.src('test.js', {read: false})
		// `gulp-mocha` needs filepaths so you can't have any plugins before it
		.pipe(mocha({reporter: 'nyan'}))
);
```


## API

### mocha([options])

#### options

Options are passed directly to the `mocha` binary, so you can use any its [command-line options](http://mochajs.org/#usage) in a camelCased form. Arrays and key/value objects are correctly converted to the comma separated list format Mocha expects. Listed below are some of the more commonly used options:


##### ui

Type: `string`<br>
Default: `bdd`<br>
Values: `bdd` `tdd` `qunit` `exports`

Interface to use.

##### reporter

Type: `string`<br>
Default: `spec`
Values: [Reporters](https://github.com/mochajs/mocha/tree/master/lib/reporters)

Reporter that will be used.

This option can also be used to utilize third-party reporters. For example, if you `npm install mocha-lcov-reporter` you can then do use `mocha-lcov-reporter` as value.

##### reporterOptions

Type: `object`<br>
Example:
```js
      reporterOptions: {
        reportFilename: 'index.html',
        reportDir: 'bin/report'
      }
```

Reporter specific options.

##### globals

Type: `Array`

List of accepted global variable names, example `['YUI']`. Accepts wildcards to match multiple global variables, e.g. `['gulp*']` or even `['*']`. See [Mocha globals option](http://mochajs.org/#globals-option).

##### timeout

Type: `number`<br>
Default: `2000`

Test-case timeout in milliseconds.

##### bail

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

Bail on the first test failure.

##### checkLeaks

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

Check for global variable leaks.

##### grep

Type: `string`

Only run tests matching the given pattern which is internally compiled to a RegExp.

##### require

Type: `Array`

Require custom modules before tests are run.

##### compilers

Type: `string`<br>
Example: `js:babel-core/register`

Specify a compiler.


## FAQ

### Test suite not exiting

If your test suite is not exiting it might be because you still have a lingering callback, most often caused by an open database connection. You should close this connection or do the following:

```js
gulp.task('default', () =>
	gulp.src('test.js')
		.pipe(mocha())
		.once('error', () => {
			process.exit(1);
		})
		.once('end', () => {
			process.exit();
		})
);
```


## License

MIT © [Sindre Sorhus](https://sindresorhus.com)
